edit readme file (#39196)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/README.md

## Use Cases
---

### User Configuration Requirements

#### Option one:

> **Assign to the user following roles: admin, ess_admin (for working with Splunk Enterprise Security).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign the following roles to the user: admin, ess_admin (for working with Splunk Enterprise Security).
```

#### Option two:
**When assigning admin is not an option.**
    

> Custom Role should be defined and include all necessary capabilities: (permissions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define a custom role and include all necessary capabilities: (permissions)
```

![image](../../doc_files/edit-role-non-admin-capabilities.png)  

> Indexes configuration for custom role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the indexes configuration for the custom role:
```

![image](../../doc_files/edit-role-non-admin-indexes.png)  

> At the end of the process Splunk user (not admin user) should receive the previously created role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of the process, the Splunk user (not admin user) should receive the previously created role.
```

> Following list of capabilities covers both Splunk UI access and using SplunkPy integration including Enterprise security:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is the list of capabilities that covers both the Splunk UI access and using the SplunkPy integration including Enterprise security:
```

- can_own_notable_events  
- change_own_password  
- edit_analyticstories  
- edit_cam_queue  
- edit_correlationsearches  
- edit_lookups  
- edit_notable_events  
- edit_own_objects  
- edit_tcp  
- edit_tcp_stream  
- edit_upload_and_index  
- get_metadata  
- get_typeahead  
- input_file  
- list_accelerate_search  
- list_all_objects  
- list_inputs  
- list_introspection  
- list_metrics_catalog  
- list_search_head_clustering  
- manage_all_investigations  
- manage_behavioral_analytics  
- output_file  
- rest_access_server_endpoints  
- rest_apps_view  
- rest_properties_get  
- rest_properties_set  
- rtsearch  
- run_collect  
- run_mcollect  
- run_msearch  
- run_sendalert  
- schedule_rtsearch  
- schedule_search  
- search  
- search_process_config_refresh  
- upload_lookup_files  

#### SplunkPy command permissions by example:
`splunk-notable-event-edit`

custom roles required: (at least one)

ess_analyst, ess_admin

Can replace the Splunk power role for ES users.

User-Level Permissions:

Read: Access to view resources (e.g., dashboards, reports).

Write: Ability to modify existing resources or create new ones.

### Query Load Analysis
#### Mirroring

> when mirroring in enabled, 2-3 simultaneous queries are expected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When mirroring in enabled, 2-3 simultaneous queries are expected. 
```
